in this video I'm going to cover two
point lighting now two point lighting is
very simple very basic if you have your
light kit with two lights this is what I
recommend to do if you're going to be
shooting some video just yourself so
right here I have my key light which is
the closer of the two and it would be
brighter because it is closer and then
over here I have my fill light that fill
light is just filling the shadows that
this key light will give me I like to
keep them right about head level so I
don't have any dark shadows underneath
my chin and I don't have up lighting
they're just going to make me look a
little bit scary with some strange
shadows on me and this is a very flat
lighting or very even letting some
people don't like this they like a
little bit more dramatic or theatrical
I'm going to actually turn off this this
fill light here I'll have Todd do that
all right now you can see how this is
much darker over here some people do
like a little bit more dramatic lighting
and what you could do is actually take
that fill light you can move it so it's
lighting off the background but then you
go past you you still have a little bit
of this but you probably want to move
your light a little bit closer to the
camera if you want to go for some more
dramatic lighting so let's turn that
fill light back on now you can see that
fill light just filled in all those
shadows that was over here to give us a
nice even lighting it's also it's taking
care of that shadow that the key light
was putting on behind me so it's it's
lighting me up but it's also lighting up
my background you can kind of experiment
with where you put your your fill light
so you can light more of the background
and just work it this way but I like to
keep about 10 o'clock and 2 o'clock
right around there now in where we are
right now we're in our office and I
specifically set the key light right up
against the desk of my officemate here
and then we also have a filing cabinet
so this is a tight space so if you bring
your light kit into a tight space you
want to have your key light and your
fill like what I'm using with these soft
boxes right here is they have five light
bulbs in each one and if you do have to
bring them in even closer just off of
the the camera
off the out of the frame then what you
can do is you turn off a few of those
bulbs so it's not so overpowering so
bright so you can you can keep them both
the same distance and then just turn off
a couple bulbs and that becomes your
fill light and really that is all there
is to having two point lighting